Hello.

While I wish to remain anonymous, I'll tell you i'm from Brazil. Brazilian all the way to my grandparents :)
And I'm very happy that Brazil has finally recognized the Palestinian state last year.

Some of my hobbies are martial arts, real time strategy games, geopolitics and spirituality.
I don't subscribe to any one particular faith, but i have respect for those who wish to be part of a religion.

I supported Palestinians' right to start a state early on, thought it should have reasonable and united borders.

However, I'll say right at the start that I come here to see if you're interested in hearing about alternative solutions for dealing with the Israeli's. If you're not, then stop reading this post please.

I'll be polite, but always willing to point out that each coin has two sides. 
If you accuse the Israeli's of bad behavior, I'll try to point out how your own aggression provokes such a response from them.

The cores of my arguments i'll share with you now;

In my view you will never be able to mount enough military force to drive Israel from your area completely.
By praticing and advocating violence against the Israeli state, you doom yourselves and your people to a lifetime of misery under an provenly iron Israeli boot.

Now i can imagine you thinking: don't mock the used strategy unless you have something better!
I do have something better.

Creative and persistent peaceful resistance.

Simply put: don't attack the Israeli's with physical force, attack them with cultural and political force and with YouTube as your mass-media infrastructure.
Ghandi got the British out of India that way, without YouTube even! ;-)
Mandela brought victory to his people (also no internet!) and ruled them to greater prosperity.
You can do the same.

Stop wasting lives and glorifying your own deaths in combat that has proven futile for over 50 years.

And that doesn't mean "give up". It means "fight smarter".
Force the Israeli's into a truely political and media game. After about a year of not attacking the Israeli's physically you start to put out video's. Instead of buying missiles, you buy video camera's and ordinary computers. You distribute those to your population with instructions to make videos about life in Palestine.
Note that now all your "forces" can't be attacked, they're merely expressing freedom of speech.

By putting out everything from music videos in every genre (do allow rappers to advocate your cause for you!) to documentaries about life in Palestine under Israeli rule, and making good videos of it, not boring or amature ones, you can force those videos to be mentioned on even CNN and Fox news.

Don't beg the world, be brave, ENDURE, and project via YouTube a sense of black humor under all the Israeli oppression.
With that, the allies of the Israeli's will have no option but to really start pressuring Israel to act much nicer to your requests.

Your media infrastructure from YouTube doesn't cost money, it brings in money.
Money that can be used for more cameras and other creativity infrastructure.

All you have to do is permanently renounce violence. You'll have to try this for at least 20 years. I'm not joking.

Now, you can do this today, or you can do it after 100, or 200 more years of Israeli oppression because you want to stick to Holy Jihad and will not be allowed by a force much larger than Israel itself to wipe out Israel, much like the Iranians will not be allowed to finish even a single nuclear bomb.

What i'm trying to say, is: physical weapons are NOT the only weapons out there!

By renouncing violence, you can gain public support in many parts of the world.
Getting all your wishes realized may take 20 or more years, but during that time, the Israeli's are left without reasonable reason and thus *without international permission* to attack you any more.
They'll try to keep you down economically, they'll try to provoke you into attacking them physically again, they do hate you.
I know some Israeli's but always when it got to Israeli-Arab/Palestinian politics, they were very fierce in their racism.

Like i'm telling you about your mistakes right in this first post, I also do with Israeli's.
Some people cannot handle an objective but critizing view of their actions and strategies. Those i'll leave in their misery.
But perhaps some of you know of a way to sell this to your own front-line soldiers and commanders who act (in my eyes) so foolishly.

It's a misguided form of heroism, this martyrdom in the name of Allah and territorial instincts that you worship.
Build a NEW Holy Place. Make it Holy by worshipping it in new and creative ways, and in large numbers. Allah made you smarter than to throw yourselves against a wall of spikes generation after generation. All you have to do is see past your charter. To let go of it for a while and consider completely new ways (but based on proven strategies!) to counter your enemy's aggression.

If suicide attacks got you somewhere, even if it achieved your stated objective, then i could respect it as a military strategy, even though i still would not agree to the eradication of all jews from the land that is now Israel.

But to stay realistic: The Israelis have proven they can defeat your total war strategy, your terrorism strategy, even your missile strategy.
Their arrogance enables them to keep you divided and under control in a military sense.
Use that arrogance against them while not allowing them to attack you. 

Wouldn't you rather idolize Palestinian business men, inventors, scientists, sports champions or entertainers? Then you need to force the Israelis to stop attacking you, and all you need to do for that is renounce violence as a means to your end completely and indefinately. The fruits will be ready in 5 to 15 years. Yields will increase by the year.