stored at : http://tinyurl.com/scientificTheoriesBYRV -> google drive folder -> sub-folder 'telepathy_manual' -> sub-folder 'anti-telepathic heart-attack - chi energy release'

The heart-meridian is needed in the human body for vital chi energy flows.
energy flows in from the universe into the human bodies (all of us), from the left foot up, to the right shoulder, passing by *and* through the heart (it's a fairly wide stream actually), then down the left arm and out the left hand back to the universe to be efficiently re-cycled no matter what emotional state the human happens to be in.

There is another, in my view almost secondary, major meridian flowing up the right foot and leg and down the right arm.

When the feet are crossed and the legs touching, even when covered by thin fabric or even with the better chi-insulating fleece fabric (only bedhseets stop chi from flowing from one leg to another touching leg), and/or
when the fists are closed or the arms touching, 
it's like going on internal air only in a car.
Chi is much more than just warmth.
*Chi-flow*-"toxins" *like* carbon-dioxide in air breathed by humans build up,
and can only be released by uncrossing and slightly seperating the legs, and holding the hands in position listed in 004.jpg


now, to get practical and to the title of this file ('anti-telepathic-heart-attack simple fix - chi energy release and conduit enabling.txt').

001.jpg : left hand, left meridian closed off. chi energy will build up in the body and especially along the left meridian. that can create nervousness and fear and an uncomfortable feeling.

002.jpg : left hand, left meridian still closed off.

003.jpg : left hand, wrist level, left meridian half open but not really open enough to protect yourself against a telepathic heart attack.

004.jpg : left hand, wrist and hand pointing slightly to moderately upward, fingers OPEN and either against eachother or slightly spread out (whatever you like) : left meridian open, chi energy can flow out. turns the entire left-meridian into a chi lightning rod, as well. extremely large amounts of chi energy suddenly sent *fast* into your left meridian can safely pass by/through your heart if the hand is kept in this position for at least 10 to 50 seconds before the potential heart-attack. indicators to get into this position is : a nervous feeling, or feeling a little, some, or a lot of fear of things going wrong internally in your body.

as for the feet and lower legs : feet crossed = meridians merged, chi will flow from one foot up the other foot. sometimes both feet exchange energy at the same time, but the point is : there's a reason a lot of humans like to sleep with the bedsheets between their theighs (upper legs, inside side). it's to *prevent* that mixing of chi-energy that happens when feet are crossed or lower legs touching eachother with not enough (pants is not enough) fabric between them.

so sometimes you want to go on internal chi only, not exchange chi with the universe.
you keep your feet crossed, you don't go to 004.jpg with your left hand, and you have a good time doing that.

but in case of serious nervousness and fear of a heart-attack, go to 004.jpg with your left hand, and keep it there for about 5 to 20 minutes at least.
good thing is : this works when you're walking, sitting, or laying in bed.

glad to have been of help,
 i want no Karma points for helping out like this.
 this advice is overdue to have spread to the public.

PS:
{ these are internal kung fu + telepathic counter-measures. do not try to get this offline anywhere it is posted or linked from/to. }

PS 2:
[QUOTE="Kaptaan, post: 10176158, member: 139301"]Yes, please tell me which Dutch facility has "one" missing - So I can call them to collect?[/QUOTE]

i don't need to defend my sanity dude. ;)

your reality is different from mine.
and i'm not the only telepath alive today. far from it.

re-posted to :

https://defence.pk/pdf/threads/anti-telepathic-heart-attack-explanation.539483/ {that's where these quotes are from}

http://forums.marokko.nl/showthread.php?t=5615329&p=133197378#post133197378

http://www.topix.com/forum/us/politics/T57GQ7M720L48IPSD#lastPost

http://www.topix.com/forum/tech/TVS4H85OJJHJ9R44G/anti-telepathic-heart-attack-internal-kungfu-defen

http://www.topix.com/forum/health/T7KO6UHQJ9U1K90L9/anti-telepathic-heart-attack-internal-kungfu-defen


Kaptain said:
  peacefan said: ↑
  help

Kaptain said:
Yes, please tell me which Dutch facility has "one" missing - So I can call them to collect?



i peacefan said: ↑
i don't need to defend my sanity dude.
ha ha ha.

your reality is different from mine.
and i'm not the only telepath alive today. far from it.

Kaptaan said:
Okay carry on ... my tall Dutch friend ! Whatever makes you tick the click.

i peacefan said:
thanks. and if you can, please remove my 'ha ha ha' from your quote, ok.. since you're not actually attacking my reputation, i removed it.

ok so i know a lot about kung-fu. that's why i use a Dragon Ball Z 'Goku' profile avatar picture.
i have my own style of external kungfu that's based on me training various forms of kung-fu from all around the world, since the age of 6. i'm now 40.
but i can not share my youtube page with advanced kung fu tutorials, because the bad guys do listen in to what's going on on this forum. i dare to say my kung-fu can nearly rival that of the best kung-fu teachers alive on Earth today.

i also know a fair bit about internal kung fu by now, and how telepathy can be used to keep you from sleep.
and then, yes, you could end up in a nut-house, or dead within a few agonizing days.
it's death by slow torture.

so these tips listed in this thread help you fall asleep safely if you're ever in a telepathicly active city.

see, that (telepathic activity between humans), creates a field in some areas of a city or even a country or a region of a country (spanning multiple provinces / states even),
in which it is very hard for people new to telepathy to fall asleep.

i find it a responsibility of more experienced telepaths like myself to stay a step ahead of evil / bad telepaths who want to see people in distress to feed on their life-energy much like a Demon or demon would try to.
and yes, Demons pretend to be humans in telepathy. even Angels do that some times, but for good instead of evil reasons (towards the person(s) they're sending thoughts to).

the main problem in telepathy is mental exhaustion from having to process too much language and ideas during the day,
and combined with not getting enough sleep this can cause region-wide problems for a population.

i'm not kidding or lying or being crazy about any of this.
this is a very real reality in the touristy-town with major international airport at 20 minutes trainride distance, where i live.

it's also an increasing international problem, because believe it or not,
other nations have been sending their telepathicly-sick to us, trying to prevent them from falling into the psychiatric "black hole".

that's about the entire story,
unless anyone has questions of course.




KAL-EL said:
As Ambassador Spock would say.. fascinating...



i peacefan said:
Thanks :)

i love Star Trek by the way..

what humans could learn from Vulcans, is that our emotions are largely determined by the choices we make on the logic level of reality or our thinking.



El Sidd said:
Interesting.............

But there is a very dark side to all of this and a very positive side to all of this. It depends on how you instinctively react to the frequency of the world and human intellect.

Find/strike a balance. Live free and happy i say.



Mangus Ortus Novem said: ↑
Rene, probeer een andere aanpak... veel mensen begrijpen jou goede intenties niet... Probeer... intentie-heart-math...

Je begrijpt wat ik hiermee bedoel... QiGong werkt..dat weten wij allemaal.

Geniet van ons grijs weer!

Grts,

Mangus


i peacefan said:
You're not supposed to use my real name here, you do know that, right? :D

But thanks, "try another approach, a lot of people don't understand your good intentions, try... intention-heart-math.."..
What do you define as intention-heart-math, because that's not entirely clear to me..?

all i was really trying to do is striking a blow to demons and Demons and demonic humans you know..
i think i succeeded too, considering i had not 1 but 3 nightmares during my sleep of about 5.5 hours just now..



love icon said:
If you are one of best kung fu in world then why you have fear of being kidnapped by a Muslim? :undecided:


i peacefan said:
Thanks for the question.

Simply put : there is no defense against a properly made ambush, which is what an abduction attempt is. 
and there's absolutely no defense against an abduction attempt or assasination attempt in lands that you don't know very very well.

Also : if you have to run, you're already dead.

Those are the primary principles of staying-safe that i work with.

I'll be happy to visit Pakistan if the war between the West and extremist muslims ends completely somehow within our lifetime.
Or maybe i just see it from Heaven, or in a next life-time.
Believing that one can re-incarnate back to a human baby form from Heaven, helps me a lot to stay unafraid and able to do this kind of work on this forum and other forums.

xyxmt said:
In case you get kidnapped, can you just allow Chi energy to build up inside you by blocking the exit and once enough energy is built you can explode yourself taking down all the kidnappers with you


i peacefan said:
or i can just shoot chi energy from my hands.. i don't like to explode myself you know :p
and to get practical : it's not possible (according to anything i ever saw online or in real life) to actually explode a human body using chi energy. like : not. at. all. ;)

but no, i don't actually know how to do shoot chi energy from my hands yet.

it's a skill i'd like to learn, but there's a lot of objections to it over here.
balance of power on the streets, my tendency to teach others, stuff like that.



El Sidd said: ↑
Interesting.............

But there is a very dark side to all of this and a very positive side to all of this. It depends on how you instinctively react to the frequency of the world and human intellect.

Find/strike a balance. Live free and happy i say.

and i peacefan said:
yeah. and to instinctively react does not nearly always mean 'react within milliseconds'. i do know that.
thanks for your reply, El Sidd.
